---
tags:
  - "#📅"
---
## Hvordan ser dagen ud? (aftaler)


## Hvad vil jeg gerne opnå i dag ?


## Hvordan gik dagen?
- Cykel stjålet? 
	- Fandt den ved Jysk, tak til Kulles huskende hjerne <3
### Create a subfolder in a Docker container, without it being created on the host machine 
* devcontainer solution:
	1. Add the subfolder (ie. .venv or node_modules) as an anonymous volume in devcontainer.json
	2. give the _vscode_ user ownership over the subfolder works. Like so [[#devcontainer.json]]
	* The folder will still be created on the host machine, but it's contents are not mirrored. 
* To do this in a regular non dev container:
	* assuming the WORKDIR is  /app and an non-root user `appuser` is created and made owner of the folder. All this is done automatically with VSCode command `Add coker compose files to Workspace`
	1. Add the subfolder (ie. .venv or node_modules) as an anonymous volume in the docker-compose.yml
		* `volumes : \n - /app/.venv`
	2. Ensure the /app directory has the correct permissions in Dokcerfile
		* `RUN chmod -R 777 /app`
	3. Ensure the /app and /app/.venv directories have the correct permissions
		* `RUN chmod -R 777 /app && mkdir -p /app/.venv && chmod -R 777 /app/.venv`
### devcontainer.json
```JSON
"mounts": ["type=volume,target=${containerWorkspaceFolder}/.venv"],
// give the vscode user ownership of the .venv directory
"postCreateCommand": "sudo chown -R vscode ${containerWorkspaceFolder}/.venv"
```

### Keep Docker container running
1. If using Dockerfile comment out CMD command line
2. In docker-compose.yml add `command: tail -f /dev/null` under the service you're running
### Build command line tool in Docker 
1. In docker-compose.yml add `stdin_open: true  # Keep stdin open even if not attached`
2. under that add `tty: true         # Allocate a pseudo-TTY`