A personal fictional novel about automation , an individual quest to automate everything, the emotional incentives behind it, and the existential and social consequences. 

- Stylistic inspiration from Haruki Murakami Kafka on the Beach and 1Q48, Master and The Margarita
- What happens if we automate everything in our life? What does it feel like? Are there things that are culturally shameful to automate and that we want to be descrete about? How would our closest people react if they discover that these things were automated? Are there things that just cannot be automated? If, no are there things that should not be automated? What does personal life, not society, look like in a fully automated living? What do we gain from doing things manually, and what do we stand to loose by automating too much? 
- The main character is not a professional developer, but rather self taught 
- First chapters explore the crisis of mental fatique and disorganizational stress. Opening with a guy/girl? overwhelmed by life's practical and social responsibilities. 
- Alternative: First chapter portrays a life that is fine but busy. They have a job, a home and a family. Tired and the end of the day they enjoyed a cup of tea and cheriched the short precious moments with friends or family  here and there. Lured by false promises about a rich leasure life with no work, the character starts dreaming about a possibly much better life? 
- The journey to slowly acquiring the early art of programming later to become a super power 
- Starting with practical, relatable and harmless automation like meal planning and cooking  and progressing through automating  to existentially challenging social automation like sending messages to friends and family, buying gifts and flowers.
- A period of adjusting to this new increasingly automated life, and difficulty of breaking to many old habits. Often Starting a task out of habit only to realize it has already been taken care of. These moments are funny and trigger a spark of achievement joy in the character. 
- The character spirals (out) towards a state of full personal life automation, alienating themselves of almost any kind of physical and mental manual labour, initiating a state of impersonal maybe even self-less? The celebration of this grand achievement does not last long before boredom, emptiness and meaningslessness start creeping in. 
- Followed by the confrontation of the social consequences of their friends and family discovering the extent to which they've gone. 
- Ruminating thoughts and existential questions suddenly have plenty of space to take and start occupying the characters daily life. The main character turns to  mindfulness, psychotherapy, ayawaska sessions and any means possible to achieve more calm and serenity, but only with temporary luck. All this did not seem to be a problem when the character used to be busy getting things done. This realisation hits when they one day cross roads with a hard working person, that seemed so calm, how they did that, and the working woman said, what do you mean? 
- A sudden major event (national energy crisis? ) forces the character back into their old manual life, and suddenly the mental chatter and existential crisis was gone. 
- Finally, coming (home) the character returns to their good old life, slightly more automated though. 